Release notes for 3.4.56-upcoming and 3.6 upcoming (#871)
opensciencegrid/docs: docs/release/3.5/release-3-5-46.md

OSG Software Release 3.5.46
===========================

**Release Date:** 2021-09-09  
**Supported OS Versions:** EL7, EL8

!!!tip "Want faster access to production-ready software?"
    OSG 3.5 offers a rolling release repository where packages are added as soon as they pass acceptance testing.
    To install packages from this repository, enable `[osg-rolling]` in `/etc/yum.repos.d/osg-rolling.repo`:

        [osg-rolling]
        ...
        enabled=1

    Or for one-time installations, append the following to your `yum` command:

        --enablerepo=osg-rolling

Summary of Changes
------------------

> !!! note "Important"
>     If you are running an HTCondor-CE with SciTokens and GSI Authentication, you should update to HTCondor 9.0.5
>     at your earliest convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! important "Important HTCondor update for HTCondor-CEs"
    If you are running an HTCondor-CE with SciTokens and GSI Authentication, you should update to HTCondor 9.0.5
    at your earliest convenience.
    If you have not yet updated to HTCondor-CE 5 or HTCondor 9.0, please see [the update instructions](updating-to-osg-35.md).
```

This release contains:

-   Upcoming
    -   [HTCondor 9.0.5](https://www-auth.cs.wisc.edu/lists/htcondor-world/2021/msg00017.shtml): Bug fix release
        -   **Other authentication methods are tried if mapping fails using SciTokens**
        -   Fix rare crashes from successful condor_submit, which caused DAGMan issues
        -   Fix bug where ExitCode attribute would be suppressed when OnExitHold fired
        -   condor_who now suppresses spurious warnings coming from netstat
        -   The online manual now has detailed instructions for installing on MacOS

>         -   Fix bug where misconfigured MIG devices confused condor_gpu_discovery

Reviewer: Igor takes issue with this statement since the output is still not right, i.e. MIG device still confuse `condor_gpu_discovery`. AIUI, we just fixed the segfaults.

Author: A misconfigured MIG GPU would cause no GPUs to be discovered. So, the statement is true. He reported a problem with MIGs and CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES (HTCONDOR-620). Release announcement generally do not state what the software does not do. I guess I could add the MIG devices are not supported.

Author: How about: Fix bug where misconfigured MIG devices would cause no GPUs to be detected

Reviewer: Is that the most obvious outcome of the bug? Or were there stacktraces?

Author: No stack traces. Just no GPUs detected. BTW, MIG device support is in the upcoming 9.0.6 release.
